This is Party Quips, the web party game for people who think board game night needs fewer tiny plastic pieces and way more bad decisions.
Open it on the TV, pick a game, and everybody joins from their phone with a room code or QR code.
No download.
No account.
No group chat full of setup instructions.
Start with Witty Quips.
The TV throws out ridiculous prompts, players type their best answers, and then everyone votes for the response that deserves applause, concern, or both.
Somebody stuck?
Party Quips can auto-generate a quip, which is very helpful when your friend says, "I am funny under pressure," and then types three dots for thirty seconds.
Then there is Fib Finder, where players write fake answers to weird facts and try to fool the room.
It is trivia, lying, and confidence in one suspicious little package.
Deadly Trivia keeps the pressure on with fast multiple-choice rounds.
Get it right, stay alive.
Get it wrong, and the TV starts looking at you like it knows what you did.
The host screen keeps the whole room moving with timers, QR codes, player lists, scoreboards, voting screens, and results that are big enough for the couch to yell at.
Phone screens stay simple: join, answer, vote, survive.
Your friends do not need to learn a rulebook.
They just need thumbs and questionable instincts.
There is also feedback reporting built in, because every great party app needs a way to say, "This broke," before someone blames the Wi-Fi.
Party Quips runs in the browser, works great on TV and phones, supports multiple game modes, and now has a much bigger prompt pool, so the jokes can keep making terrible choices all night.
Grab some friends, put it on the big screen, and find out who is clever, who is convincing, and who should absolutely never be trusted with a fake historical fact.